Hi welcome back my dear students on this lecture you were going to finally start creating the Jake where
we ask him to allow us to communicate with our local server.
All right.
I'm going to take up this window seat since we don't need it anymore.
So now actually let's just open up our best friend.
You my best friend because he lets me find everything I like.
All right.
We're going to be using something called the dot Ajax and you can look it up right here.
This from Jake where we're going to take you to Jake Web site.
And here you can see all the parameters that we can pass to this agent.
All right what this is going to do is going to perform a asynchronous HTP requests.
Right.
It's going to communicate in other words is going to communicate with our server.
All right.
So we get to we can pass a couple of parameters there as you can.
You're welcome to to read this documentation here.
Rice.
If you don't know Jake where this might look very confusing.
Don't worry I'm going to just show you how to use this.
All right.
So let's go ahead and start using it.
As Bernard coeditor.
And now we created this markup here in the last part.
So now it's time for us to start creating our Jake werie cold right.
So now that we have all this mark up here I'm just going to tighten things up a little bit.
Right right here inside that document that dot ready.
Let's create the start Jake Weary right so we start square with a dollar sign of course parentheses
and what we want to target here is we need to get the value of this input here so when people typing
here will get some type of value.
All right saved somewhere and we need to save it into a variable.
So we are going to be targeting this input with a class of ID and this is how we're going to get this
value with this idea.
So we're going to grab it.
So we're going to say Jake where we listen look for the IDs search.
All right name search and I want you to do something with it.
Jake are those you know right now what we want and what we wanted to do right.
So we're going to say look when somebody types in something.
But I want you to do something.
All right.
So this something is a function right here that is going to do something for us.
Right.
So let's put the function down a little bit there.
So Jacqui what is it that you want me to do.
Can you put it in between these brackets please as well and can you do that.
Well there we go then.
All right.
So I want you to make a variable called search and I want you to grab that box search with the search
element with ID search and I want you to say the value of it.
There we go.
Isn't that beautiful.
Right.
And we can go ahead and test it out and say you know what test it out.
By alerting it.
So let's go ahead and do that right now.
Go save it then we go we put an F and we get the f right here on the alert.
See what they queue up does.
He alerts everything.
Now it's the there we go.
Perfect.
All right.
So I think that it's working really good.
What do you think.
All right.
So now that we know he's working let's go ahead and continue let's just delete that and continue with
our code right.
So the next thing is right that upshift that element that I was telling you about age that's right.
That age that's
like this.
And we're going to put it down a little bit.
And we go then.
And then we can use this.
You are all here just to tell what page we won this request to go to.
All right.
So we wanted this request to go to that BHB because what we're going to be doing is we're going to be
sending some data right to that page and we're going to pull it from there.
We're going to send out requests and that request is going to come back to us.
So let's send it to search dot BHB that's where we're sending it.
We're going to put a comb on because we're going to put some of the parameters in here and we're going
to say look I want you to send this data that is type of what.
Well not it's not Type-B and we're not there yet.
Let's just put data and send that with a key of search.
All right.
And send the variable search with it.
That's what we're doing right now.
What we were saying is send this key where I want you to use that in your post pro-global or super global
and then send it send this variable with it.
All right.
So that's all we're doing here and we're going to put a coma and now we are going to say type a now
here we can put get or post whatever you want.
Really doesn't matter.
I'm just going to post I'm just so used to it.
And now we're going to also pass in the success full back here function.
But make a function here real quick.
All right.
Is perfect.
Now let's also pass the variable here because we're going to need it and we're going to say something
like
If not data dot error
then I want you to grab basically what we're saying here is if you don't have an end narrow here right
then I want you to do this.
So that's what we're going to be doing.
Making sure that we don't have no errors there.
This is just a simple way of doing this is a lot of ways actually validating this but this is the most
simplest way possible.
All right.
So we're going to grab the search right here.
The Elliman with the search and we're going to insert actually now the search one we're going to grab.
We made a empty H2 here what we're going to be placing the data that's going to come back from our server.
This is where we're going to be placing it right here.
All right.
So that's why this H2 is empty right now.
We're grabbing the stuff from here sending the request to the server.
And then when it comes back it's going to come here so we need this idea actually.
And we are going to be putting it right here in sounds good right.
And we're going to be using this HD mail just to insert the amount in there because that's what you
do with Jake right.
So we're going to insert this data that is coming in.
All right.
So that looks perfect.
All right on that next one we're going to continue this because this lecture is getting kind of long.
So I'm just going to go a little slower there and maybe you can see the whole thing and you can just
copy it.
Make sure that you have everything there.
Now I haven't tested this too.
Just make sure that we don't have any errors there so.
But on the next video we're going to do that.
All right.
So thank you so much for watching this lecture was a pleasure again.
And looking forward to see you in the next one.
Take care.
Have an awesome day.